---
title: Privacy Policy
description: Privacy policy for Echo from NYC
layout: ../layouts/Page.astro
date: 2025-02-04
---

This Privacy Policy describes My policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

I use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.

## Interpretation and Definitions

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- Me (referred to as either "Me" or "I" in this Agreement) refers to the owner of the site Echo from NYC.
- Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- Country refers to: Germany
- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- Service refers to the Website.
- Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of Me. It refers to third-party companies that facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of Me, to perform services related to the Service or to assist Me in analyzing how the Service is used.
- Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- Website refers to Echo from NYC, accessible from [https://echonyc.blog](https://echonyc.blog).
- You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at Cloudflare. See their policies [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/trust-hub/).

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

I do **not** use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on My Service, nor do we store personal information. However, our Service Provider may.

### I may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- With Service Providers: I may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.

## Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at Cloudflare. See their policies [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/trust-hub/).

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, I may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

My Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

## Links to Other Websites

My Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Me. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. I strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

I may update My Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Me

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: me@echonyc.name
